---
layout: default
title: About Us
description: We like shirts that fit
pageclass: about
---


<div class="banner half" style="background-image: url(/images/banners/banner5.jpg); background-attachment:scroll; background-position: center;"><hgroup><h1 class="editable" id="cms-identifiable-2791" data-cms-cid="3533">About Us</h1></hgroup></div>

<article class="about-us"><p>My name is Leo Fehrenbacker. I&rsquo;m founder of Straight Up Masonry and I&rsquo;ve been a mason for over 20 years.</p><blockquote><p>&ldquo;I learned the trade back when I was just a kid living in the panhandle of Idaho, with a wife, 2 babies in diapers and not a soul around.&rdquo;</p></blockquote><p>I had gotten a job at the union, working as a laborer in a paper mill. I was a young hungry kid so naturally all the trades wanted me to come work with them.</p><p>I wasn't sure what to do&hellip; So I called my dad and he said:</p><blockquote><p>&ldquo;Masonry is in your blood.&rdquo;</p></blockquote><p>That kind of stuck in my head. (My great grandfather was a stonemason in Germany.) When I talked to my foreman a couple days later, I told him I was thinking about masonry and he looked me right in the eye and said&hellip;</p><blockquote><p>&ldquo;I&rsquo;ve never known a good mason to go hungry&rdquo;.</p></blockquote><p>So I picked it up and never looked back. That was over 20 years ago, and I&rsquo;ve never gone hungry.</p><p>I started my own company with some partners about 15 years ago. I had just moved to southern Utah and that went well for years but ended up going belly up during the recession. Then about 2 years ago I started straight up masonry. &nbsp;</p><p>We are religious about quality. I&rsquo;m always preaching quality in the tooling, quality in the brushing, quality in the laying. I tell my guys &ldquo;I sell the best block walls in town, therefore we have to lay the best block walls in town&rdquo;&nbsp;</p><blockquote><p>"I&rsquo;m confident that I am the best mason around so I only work with the best."&nbsp;</p></blockquote><p>Straight Up Masonry is different from most other masonry companies. We recognize that building a wall around your yard is different than working on a commercial job site. When you're working around someone's home it requires special care to make sure you don&rsquo;t leave things in shambles. So we really pride ourselves in how we take care of your yard while we're there. Masonry is a hard job, and we're hard men but we go out of our way to make sure that your happy. It&rsquo;s my goal that every homeowner I work with can shake my hand after the job is done and say &ldquo;pleasure working with you&rdquo;.</p></article>